Revise conflict data resolution enhancement during data import (#16861)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-error-resolution.md

- `lightning.max-error`: the tolerance threshold of type error
- `conflict.strategy`, `conflict.threshold`, and `conflict.max-record-rows`: configurations related to conflicting data

> - `tikv-importer.duplicate-resolution` (deprecated in v8.0.0 and will be removed in v8.5.0): the conflict handling configuration that can only be used in the physical import mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `tikv-importer.duplicate-resolution` (deprecated in v8.0.0 and will be removed in a future release): the conflict handling configuration that can only be used in the physical import mode
```
